Add Black 23.1a1 blog post (#5)
ichard26/ichard26.github.io: content/blog/2022-12-18-please-test-black-23.1a1.md

).two(
    three,
).four(
    five,
)

def refresh_token(self, device_family, refresh_token, api_key):
    return self.get(
        data={
            "refreshToken": refresh_token,
        },
        api_key=api_key,
    )[
        "sdk"
    ]["token"]
```

[Both these issues have been fixed in the preview style since 22.12.0][#3370].

### End quotes that violate the line length limit in multiline docstrings will be moved

<!-- 5 -->

```python3 { linenos=table, hl_lines=[3] }
def process_and_count(text):
    """
    Remove punctuation and return cleaned string, in addition to its length in tokens."""
    pass

def example_2(text):
    """Remove punctuation and return cleaned string in addition to its length in tokens."""
    pass
```

Here, the third line violates the line length limit (90 > 88) because of the end quotes.
Earlier versions of Black would leave this be which wasn't ideal, so now they are moved
onto their own line.

```diff
 def process_and_count(text):
     """
-    Remove punctuation and return cleaned string, in addition to its length in tokens."""
+    Remove punctuation and return cleaned string, in addition to its length in tokens.
+    """
     pass
```

> Although, Black won't move quotes of single line docstrings (as such with `example_2()`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Black won't move quotes of single line docstrings (such as with `example_2()`)
```

    | list[ThisIsTrulyUnreasonablyExtremelyLongClassName]
):
    pass
```

#### Remove redundant parentheses around awaited objects

**Source:**

```python3
async def main():
    await (asyncio.sleep(1))
    await (set_of_tasks | other_set)
```

**Before:** unchanged.

**After** ([22.6.0+][#2991]):

```python3
async def main():
    await asyncio.sleep(1)
    await (set_of_tasks | other_set)
```

#### Remove redundant parentheses in with statements

**Source:**

```python3
with (open("bla.txt")):
    pass

with (open("bla.txt")), (open("bla.txt")):
    pass

with (open("bla.txt") as f):
    pass

with (open("bla.txt")) as f:
    pass
```

**Before:** unchanged.

**After** ([22.6.0+][#2926]):

```python3
with open("bla.txt"):
    pass

with open("bla.txt"), open("bla.txt"):
    pass

with open("bla.txt") as f:
    pass

with open("bla.txt") as f:
    pass
```

#### Remove redundant parentheses from except clauses

**Source:**

```python3
try:
    a.something
except (AttributeError) as err:
    raise err
```

**Before:** unchanged.

**After** ([22.3.0+][#2939]):

```python3
try:
    a.something
except AttributeError as err:
    raise err
```

> #### Remove redundant (outermost) parentheses in for statements

Reviewer: In my experience looking at a few code bases, this is the most impactful of the parens management changes. Might be worth calling out?

Author: Good idea. I also highlighted "remove blank lines after code block open" since that seems like a high-impact one too.

    print("All the newlines above me should be deleted!")

if condition:

    print("No newline above me!")

    print("There is a newline above me, and that's OK!")

class Point:

    x: int
    y: int

    def as_tuple(self) -> tuple[int, int]:
        return (self.x, self.y)
```

**Before:**

```python3
def foo():

    print("All the newlines above me should be deleted!")

if condition:

    print("No newline above me!")

    print("There is a newline above me, and that's OK!")

class Point:

    x: int
    y: int

    def as_tuple(self) -> tuple[int, int]:
        return (self.x, self.y)
```

**After** ([22.6.0+][#3035]):

```python3
def foo():
    print("All the newlines above me should be deleted!")

if condition:
    print("No newline above me!")

    print("There is a newline above me, and that's OK!")

class Point:
    x: int
    y: int

    def as_tuple(self) -> tuple[int, int]:
        return (self.x, self.y)
```

### Ignore magic trailing comma for single-element subscripts

<!-- 13 -->

Black exempts single-element tuple literals from the usual handling of magic trailing
commas: `(1,)` will not have a newline added (as would happen for lists, sets, etc.).

> However, if you wanted to write `tuple[int,]` (to make it more visually distinctive to
> `list[int]`) Black would explode it which doesn't look great.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you wrote `tuple[int,]` (to make it more visually distinctive to
`list[int]`), Black would explode it, which doesn't look great.
```
Black can't do anything if you just wanted to write it, only if you actually write it :)
